COURIER SERVICE
1. Introduction
In our cities, we often see a few men rushing here and there in vehicles, 
wearing different colored clothes, and carrying huge backpacks.
 Yes, we are talking about couriers. A courier is like a genie: you make a wish, 
and there he appears with a parcel at your doorstep, fulfilling it.
 These men work day and night to make sure our parcels reach us on time and without any damage.
However, in many cases couriers tend to get lost finding their way through the 
city and often use unfamiliar roads to reach their destination.
 This can lead to delayed deliveries and unnecessary complications due to human error. 
Replacing the couriers with Autonomous Courier Robots will not only reduce
 the manual transportation tasks, but also increase the efficiency of delivering
 parcels on time along with reduced labor costs for the courier companies.


c. Hardware Specifications
4.1 Use of Raspberry Pi:
? All participating teams must use only the Raspberry Pi B+ sent to them in the kit. Only one Raspberry Pi B+ is allowed per team.
? The Raspberry Pi robot programmed by the teams should be completely autonomous.
4.2 Components:
? Along with the Raspberry Pi, teams have been given an Edimax Wifi Dongle, a 8GB memory card, 
an Intex USB Camera, a Zoook 5000 mAH Power Bank, a Chassis and other accessories in the Robotic Kit.
4.3 Power Supply:
? The Raspberry Pi can be powered through the Power Bank that is shipped in the kit.

.


d. Software Specifications
? Raspbian image that can be downloaded using the link provided in the “Installing Operating System Images on Raspberry Pi” 
tutorial that will be made available to the teams. This image has all the softwares and drivers pre-installed.
? The teams must use OpenCV and Python to write their code.
? You are allowed to use only inbuilt Python Libraries. Use of any other external libraries is not allowed and will result in disqualification.

For exact theme details for this raspberry pi based Digital Image Processing Project, contact: om.vedvasu@gmail.com